Add AWS Cloudtrail policies reference in PoC (#6785)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/proof-of-concept-guide/aws-infrastructure-monitoring.rst

Infrastructure
--------------

+--------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Cloud service      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
+====================+===================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+

> | Amazon CloudTrail  | AWS Cloudtrail, like all other supported AWS services, requires setting the :ref:`necessary policies <policy_cloudtrail>` for the user's permissions, and providing a valid authentication method. For this PoC, we use the :ref:`profile authentication <aws_profile>` method.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Amazon CloudTrail  | AWS Cloudtrail, like all other supported AWS services, requires setting the :ref:`necessary policies <policy_cloudtrail>` for user permissions and providing a valid authentication method. In this PoC, we use the :ref:`profile authentication <aws_profile>` method.   |
```
